hi this is Dale Malik welcome to buyers
imports
hi today's videos on the 2009 Porsche
911 c4s cat the colors meteor gray
metallic over stone gray it's a one
owner vehicle that's Carfax certified
but most importantly its Porsche
certified up to 100,000 miles it has
only thirteen thousand five hundred
miles what I'd like to do right now is
spend a few minutes do walk around so I
can tell you all about let's get started
up front we have the great-looking 911
front fascia right there we have our
Ventura radiators LED daytime running
lights headlight washers and by Z naught
by Z not only do you get that great
crisp white light that illuminates from
them but they're actually 45% more power
than a normal halogen lights and a great
safety feature under the hood is
excellent storage here plenty of room
for some soft luggage now the way you
shut it just kind of let it drop want to
put your hand under Porsche color press
it press down it's that easy on the side
of it 19 inch crest two rims here we
have the Porsche color crisp a very nice
upgrade the tires are Pirelli PZero
excellent performance tire we also have
ended crossbow runners with the big red
brake caliper with a marsoc all letters
in the back man quad pipes these are
excellent sports exhaust and a really
cool thing about it is you can actually
turn them on and off from a button
inside trust me it makes an unbelievable
sound
right here we have the career 4's badge
so everybody knows you're driving a
Porsche 911 Carrera 4s right here we
have our speed activated spoiler now it
comes up automatically right around 75
miles per hour or if you would like you
can put it up manually yourself button
inside we also get the wider rear
fenders giving this bad boy that much
more of an aggressive look right here is
where the convertible top is store
really nicely done in the driver's seat
that the c4s
is all Porsche ugly the great center tag
with the silver gauges here we have the
upgrade sports steering wheel really
nice we also have an onboard computer
cruise control rain-sensing windshield
wipers it also comes with the upgrade
Bose sound system with satellite radio
let's take a listen
a little paw up goal
it also comes equipped with a 7-speed
PDK transmission here's how it works
let's say for example you're in second
gear the other clutch actually
pre-selects third gear
so the shifts between gears it's that
quick that's absolutely that instant
there's no friction loss between gear
shifts we also have the Sport Plus and
what this does it actually shows and you
get the maximum acceleration for the
standing start a few other features
comes with PSM or Porsche stability
management that's the program it
actually prevents the rear from
overtaking the front a very
sophisticated traction control system
and an excellent safety feature we also
have PASM or Porsche active suspension
management let's the program actually
stiffens up the ride so it's a little
bit more bouncy it's a true sports
suspension we also have the Sport Chrono
Package
not only do you get the great looking
Center stopwatch but it actually gives
you a snappier throttle response in the
middle is our central interface called
PCM or Porsche communication management
here we're going to control our
navigation system our stereo system our
trip computer and some other essentials
we also have heated and ventilated seats
auto climate control with AC universal
garage door opener here we have some
excellent storage with a real glovebox
we give more in the center and more on
the doors and here's something guess
what by his-and-her cup holders under
the boot is where the engine lies in the
4s now the 2009 career 4s is considered
Phase two of a 997 generation it
receives a beefed up engine powered by
the 3.8 liter v6 pushing out 385 great
horsepower and comes equipped with
direct injection technology making it
more fuel efficient but not only does
the career forest receive a new engine
it also gets a new all-wheel-drive
system electronically controlled Porsche
traction management PTM horsey traction
management was first developed for the
911 turbo the transmission delivers an
even higher level of dry
stability traction and agility as a
result ppm increases safety without
compromising and driving characteristics
of the vehicle let's get to the fun part
see how this baby really sounds with the
sports exhaust
in closing 2009 Porsche 911 c4s cap one
owner Porsche certified give my good
friend bill a call at eight six six
eight one three oh five seven three or
as always check us out on the Internet
fighters imports calm I'm Dale Malik
thanks for watching and we'll see you
next time